React and Vite scaffolding (#1)
NYCPlanning/ae-design-system: README.md

# Design System

> This repo contains our primary design system implementation. For now, it contains a basic React template [generated using Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/#scaffolding-your-first-vite-project) with the `react-ts` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains the primary design system for DCP applications. For now, it contains a basic React template [generated using Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/#scaffolding-your-first-vite-project) with the `react-ts` template.
```

Author: I can appreciate that my wording here is a little opaque but I don't think we should say that this repository _is_ the design system. The standards, components, guidelines, and best practices that make up a design system exist outside of this repo.
